we weren't like really that happy but
it's still like kind of happy because we
want and like I like that mindset
because like even though we want like
people are like saying like their
problems and like willing to solve those
issues so like with those might say I
think we can definitely be tops for you
second week of LCS I'm joined it right
now by Hui with covers presented by Omni
slash to talk about League of Legends
eSports at the NA LCS to do Hui how do
you feel about CLG are things going good
is this a better start like what what's
going on I think for sure it's a better
start than the last play like we already
figure out lots of issues and problems
from last bit and just in general I
think people are like way more positive
and we also became more friends I guess
and got along better and yeah I think
things are just way better than let's
split well you just beat CLG and it's
interesting sorry you just beat CG but
it's interesting because the reason why
I mean that mistake people keep saying
CG as CLG without the l but you just
gave them the L today oh so now there's
CLG yes
so I think now you're CG yeah yes cwg
yes I think that's how it works but know
that I don't know had you heard the meme
before about the CG is CLG without that
it was my first time hearing it like
aren't their roster like really
different I felt like Team Liquid was
like the X CLG because they have like a
lot of xlg members yeah I never heard
that it's like the letters cuz CG like
what happens if you remove the L from
CLG CG yeah okay that's the pun okay you
don't you don't like that not really
because I can I cannot really see like
the choral relationship oh I like if
there's no letters oh yeah but with Tim
liquid I think I can clearly see oh okay
I understand no team liquid is CLG
without the L doesn't make sense yeah
that's true alright so where do you
think you guys are
we're all tilted the other teams do you
think top three you know middle the pack
where what do you think I'll say top
three I always I am always like
confident on our teams and myself too so
even though like we were two and two
only I think first week we print like
show the pretty like good showing of
like how dominant we were in the early
game going into the second week I think
it was like less impressive than the
first week we still like even with
today's win or versus clutch like we
weren't really happy about the way how
we want it was like pretty Rossi arm and
not clean and we are aware of that we
weren't like really that happy but it's
still like kind of happy because we want
and like I like that mindset because
like even though we want like people are
like saying like their problems and like
willing to solve those issues so like
with those might say I think we can
definitely be top street do you are you
appreciating this meta because it allows
you to play aurelion sol more more I
mean I really instill is kind of a
champion that I'll just play in any meta
I don't know why when he became like me
and early and so became that
relationship it's just you were like the
only person playing him and clg's like
break out tournament was that msi where
you you had pocket aurelion sol that's
why guys but yeah like for me early and
so i just want to play like whenever
it's the right time for me to play or
like when i guess i feel like it even
though it's a really bad scenario so
that like I scare them I guess yeah you
just want to throw them off their guard
I guess yeah pretty much what do you
think of clutch after playing them just
now um clutch
I think they defend it really well like
of our plays like they even like TP top
by solution and level like three or
something and that it was my first time
seeing it like even in like on stage it
was pretty crazy they did like a lot of
those like innovative plays to stop my
room so like in that
way I think they were pretty good but
yeah I think from picking beds like we
just had to leave and we just like
snowball the will so one of the things
that's interesting to me right now is it
feels like all the teams can kind of
take games off of any of them you know
like we've had splits before where
you've just had a team that goes on like
a rampage and goes undefeated for most
of the split we saw everything from like
Team Liquid losing the golden Guardians
to like TSM looks kind of weak too you
know you guys look like you're on
upswing after the spring split it just
feels like everything's kind of in chaos
right now na na LCS do you think that
there are teams that are better than
others do you think or sorry do you
think that we we have the same kind of
like top team bottom team situation or
just all the team's good I actually
think like now like the gap definitely
got closer and closer Oh a special voice
like this crazy mid I like people just
pull out like crazy stuff like people
and other people won't really know like
notice for example like echo fox game
that they play the enemy enemy like
pulled out the Kaiser super mitt and
then like they pulled out irelia to
answer it but it wasn't really good like
because of those reasons there's
definitely times that like teams will
take like wins over some like better
teams but the gap definitely got closer
do you like the fact that mid laners can
kind of pop down to the bot lane um yeah
like I think before I was like the only
one who really enjoyed like playing
field in solo queue or like even like be
willing to feel any roles but nowadays
like I say lots of people like pro
players playing other roles in their
roles and like like people don't think
it's a troll but like since like it's
been a mara now and they're doing it to
practice stuff like that so in so
localities like I'm having a lot of fun
and even it screams like it's really
interesting but also sometimes really
frustrating because like sometimes like
we don't know what to work on because
the game is so crazy why haven't we seen
you pull a Unni who needs in all these
different roles if you play fail all the
time
why haven't we seen you like in all the
different roles already I mean I really
wanted to uh but I don't think like we
should go that crazy I think like who
knees on another level where like he
kind of does whatever he wants but like
I kind of want to like be more like
disciplined to myself and like play the
game smarter because I truly believed
like that like if I like just switch the
role like the communication is gonna be
so different and like say that like if
CH ever like sticks a comes made like
there was synergy with Ren over he's
also gonna be different so I think it
will overall hurt the team more than
helping us right now so that's why I
didn't want us to make a crazy like
change very good and then final question
I was talking to you stick say in
account about this a little bit last
week but you guys have a a performance
center now a like training facility what
what is it like for you what do you
think of it yeah now we have a new like
facility that we go instead of a team
house it's really like big clean nice
and it separates like our work in the
living environment so I do think it does
help us in like having a fresh mind said
whenever we come back from our house to
work like people would be like more
general like more energetic and I think
the only downside I really saw was like
not spending as much time as a team but
I think by doing like start block and
like doing like some kind of activities
or content we're like kind of solving
that problem as well so so far like I
like it a lot did you know that you live
like two blocks from me really yeah
Century City
hello we're in Century City near the
Century City Mall Oh gonna come hang out
you can come hang out to us well you I
mean you can come hang out at my place
okay if you invite me okay very good
I found this out because I dropped by Oh
frost off at at your guys's place oh
it's like literally really close to my
place do you have a roommate yeah Kobe
Oh
you know Kobe is a caster yeah is in the
CLG cassadee CLG caster yeah exactly
there you go all right cool well you can
come by sometime do you want to say
anything to any of the fans out there
the fans out there I think all the time
like when I get this question like I
always say like we're really confident
in ourselves and like we're trying to do
our best on like winning and be like the
best team in na but yeah I think the
other time darshan was talking about
like how like the only thing he can
really guarantee us a guarantee defense
is like we're gonna do our best and put
our heart out there and that's what
we're gonna do as well thank you so much
whoo-hee for the interview everyone else
you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel I knew I
could never escape this
I freaking landed my dream job at riot
interviewing pros and stuff and I still
have to do outros for Travis I just
can't get out of it literally you can't
see it but on my back there's like a
contract that was carved into me like
full-on freaking FM a reason and I was
burned into her but you get the idea so
I think Sami slash for this subscribe